Document realtime compositions (#589)
crossplane/docs: content/master/concepts/pods.md

`--max-reconcile-rate` to Crossplane only controls the rate for
core Crossplane resources. 
{{< /hint >}}

> ##### Enable Realtime Compositions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
##### Enable real time Compositions
```

> Realtime compositions are an alpha feature. Alpha features aren't enabled by
> default.
> 
> With realtime compositions enabled Crossplane will watch every composed resource
> through a Kubernetes watch. This allows Crossplane to receive events from the
> apiserver within milliseconds when a composed resource changes, e.g. because
> a provider sets the `Ready` condition to true.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With real time compositions enabled Crossplane watches every composed resource
with a Kubernetes watch. Crossplane receives events from the
Kubernetes API server when a composed resource changes. For example, when
a provider sets the `Ready` condition to `true`.

{{<hint "important" >}}
Real time compositions are an alpha feature. Alpha features aren't enabled by
default. 
{{< /hint >}}
```

Moves the warning after the introduction to improve noticeability. 

Grammar fixes to pass vale and simplify the sentences.

> With realtime compositions enabled, `--poll-interval` becomes irrelevant for
> the composite controller.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With real time compositions enabled, Crossplane doesn't use the `--poll-interval`
settings. 
```

Simplify language

> Enable realtime compositions support by

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Enable real time compositions support by
```
